Update canister ID resolution based on custom domain changes (#136)
dfinity/interface-spec: spec/index.adoc

The Gateway needs to know the canister id of the canister to talk to, and obtains that information from the hostname as follows:

1. If the hostname is in the following table, use the given canister ids:
+
.Canister hostname resolution
|=====================================================
| Hostname             | Canister id
| `identity.ic0.app`   | `rdmx6-jaaaa-aaaaa-aaadq-cai`
| `nns.ic0.app`        | `qoctq-giaaa-aaaaa-aaaea-cai`
| `dscvr.one`          | `h5aet-waaaa-aaaab-qaamq-cai`
| `dscvr.ic0.app`      | `h5aet-waaaa-aaaab-qaamq-cai`
| `personhood.ic0.app` | `g3wsl-eqaaa-aaaan-aaaaa-cai`
|=====================================================

2. Check whether the hostname is a _raw_ hostname (e.g., `<name>.raw.ic0.app`). If it is the case, fail and handle the request as a Web2 request, otherwise continue.

> 3. Check whether the canister ID is embedded in the hostname by splitting the hostname and finding the first occurrence of a valid canister ID from the right. If there is a canister ID embedded in the hostname, use it.

Reviewer: We also take the `topdomains` to determine the gateway to call.  

`rdmx6-jaaaa-aaaaa-aaadq-cai.ic0.app` will extract the principal and use `ic0.app` as the api gateway.

4. Check whether there is a `canisterID` parameter in the URL.

> 5. Make a `HEAD` request to the hostname. If the response contains an `x-ic-canister-id`- and `x-ic-gateway`-header, use the canister ID specified in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make a `HEAD` request to the hostname. If the response contains an `x-ic-canister-id` and `x-ic-gateway` header, use the canister ID specified in the header.
```

The Gateway needs to know the canister id of the canister to talk to, and obtains that information from the hostname as follows:

1. If the hostname is in the following table, use the given canister ids:
+
.Canister hostname resolution
|=====================================================
| Hostname             | Canister id
| `identity.ic0.app`   | `rdmx6-jaaaa-aaaaa-aaadq-cai`
| `nns.ic0.app`        | `qoctq-giaaa-aaaaa-aaaea-cai`
| `dscvr.one`          | `h5aet-waaaa-aaaab-qaamq-cai`
| `dscvr.ic0.app`      | `h5aet-waaaa-aaaab-qaamq-cai`
| `personhood.ic0.app` | `g3wsl-eqaaa-aaaan-aaaaa-cai`
|=====================================================

2. Check whether the hostname is a _raw_ hostname (e.g., `<name>.raw.ic0.app`). If it is the case, fail and handle the request as a Web2 request, otherwise continue.

3. Check whether the canister ID is embedded in the hostname by splitting the hostname and finding the first occurrence of a valid canister ID from the right. The part of the hostname to the right of the canister ID, is the gateway (e.g., `ic0.app` is the gateway for `rdmx6-jaaaa-aaaaa-aaadq-cai.ic0.app`). If there is a canister ID embedded in the hostname, use it.

> 4. Check whether the canister is hosted on the IC using a custom domain. There are two options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Check whether the canister is hosted on the IC using a custom domain. The client-side implementation can choose one of the following two options:
```
